Epic winning.

First race report of the season comes to you motivated by our allmighty opponents. This modest engineer found himself just baffled after reading the opposition's race report. A race report put together by such skilled wordsmiths, that it was unclear to him how in the name of Tiger Blood did they manage to lose the race after all?

You see, our competition is really in a leauge of their own. Every victory is an absolute, a predetermined prophecy written in stone ages before race day. Every ingredient is there, the fastest lap, the softer compound tires and less fuel (which is MUCH faster), the flying dutchman and the leaping frogs. However, it's not all shits and giggles for them! They had to overcome such adversity that it makes you want to cry. Adversity such as a driver who's been in LFS since 2003, before most of our competitiors even had LFS licenses, not really having a full grasp on the differences in pitstop strategy. One would have to imagine the conversation going a little bit like this:

A: "Hey V, they're on 1 less stop than us."
V: "Mhm, so we godda go faster?"
A: "I knew you wouldn't understand."
V: "I shall pop a tire to spite you."

This spitefull act would cost them crucial seconds! CRUCIAL! How many seconds constitute a "crucial" number of seconds, I hear you ask, silently. Five, spitefull tire pop costs you 5 crucial seconds, and that is, you see, why even with all the skillfull piloting and pushing all that they could, the Evil Empire of Sirius would end up with the upper hand going into the last hour, by pure chance. It wasn't that they had made a wrong tire choice for the second race in a row. NO, GOD DAMNIT! There is no such thing as wrong doing when you're so mighty.

I know what I'm about to say is going to land me in Hell, since it's complete HERECY, but here it goes anyway.. Even if our mighty competition didn't lose any "crucial" seconds and all their skilled pilots had a full and utter understanding of how "1 less stop" strategy compares to "1 more stop", and let's for the sake of argument say also, that they overcame the hurdle of South City's extreme overtaking difficulties and "powered past" our evil little car on the second lap - they would've still lost the race by a not so crucial quater of a minute.